A Hugo theme built special for Alex Bilson at https://alexbilson.dev/. There are a few things to note.

First, this theme utilizes numerous web components. No framework is used to build them so they take up only 7kB. The chaos-panel, chaos-login, and chaos-logout components utilize API configurations in the HTML \<head\> links which will not function without running an additional [micropub service](https://github.com/acbilson/chaos-micropub). If you don't have this service running and configured in the header, the Login page will be broken. I've kept to progressive enhancement principles so, even if you decide to remove web components from the theme, it will still function.

Second, this theme may consume two JSON files in the project's root /data folder, a backrefs.json and tags.json, which are generated by a Rust preprocessor in my [webhook service](https://github.com/acbilson/chaos-webhook). You can use it without these JSON files, but they're a big part of why this theme exists.

The backrefs.json file represents the link graph from each backref shortcode back to its origin page. This lets me navigate both forwards and backwards through the link graph.

The tags.json file aggregates all tags which are adjacent. If a post has three tags, each of them list the two others as adjacent. This builds a reference graph across tags.

This theme is ultimately used by only one person: me. You can discover ideas for your own theme or set up a chat with me, but I don't recommend starting with this theme. It's highly customized to my workflow and, while I've made it decently generic, there are likely rough edges that could hinder your experience.
